Exercise 1: Rewrite in the Passive Voice
Thousands of websites are attacked every day (by hackers).

Security protocols are implemented to protect user data (by developers).

The firewall was updated last week (by the company).

Sensitive information was stolen from the database (by cybercriminals).

A new antivirus will be installed next month (by the IT department).

A new authentication system was designed (by the software engineers).

The server was accessed without permission.

The latest cyber-attack is being analysed by the security team.

A new cybersecurity campaign has been launched by the organization.

Stricter data protection laws will be introduced by the government.




Exercise 2: Correct Passive Form
Personal data will be stolen / is stolen (steal).

A security patch was released (release).

Two-factor authentication is recommended (recommend).

The database was encrypted (encrypt).

A new security policy will be introduced (introduce).

Unauthorized access was detected (detect).

The phishing email was sent (send).

Security measures are implemented (implement).

Several security breaches have been reported (report).

All login attempts are logged (log).





Exercise 3: Identify and Rewrite
Passive.

Active. -> All passwords are encrypted automatically by the system.

Passive.

Active. -> Software vulnerabilities are frequently exploited by cybercriminals.

Passive.

Active. -> Stricter security protocols will be implemented by developers.

Passive.

Active. -> All user credentials are stored in an encrypted format by the company.

Passive.

Passive.





Exercise 4: Rearrange the Words
The website was hacked last night.

A new security system was implemented.

User accounts were accidentally deleted.

All passwords are automatically encrypted.

New policies will be introduced next year.

The cyber-attack was investigated by the security team.

The firewall was updated last week.

Spam emails are automatically filtered.

Unusual activity was detected by the system.

Many users were affected by the data breach.





Exercise 5: Specific Tenses
All login attempts are monitored by the company.

Confidential files were accessed by the hacker.

The security breach has been fixed by the IT team.

The security policy will be updated soon.

Strict security guidelines must be followed by developers.

The attack was being analysed by the security team when the system crashed.

By next year, new security measures will have been implemented by the organization.

New firewalls are being installed across all servers (by the company).

Data had been stolen (by cybercriminals) before the breach was detected.

All passwords should be changed regularly.






Exercise 6: Find and Correct the Error
Error: install -> Correct: A new firewall was installed last week...

Error: is -> Correct: The sensitive data was encrypted... (due to "yesterday").

Error: detected was -> Correct: A cyber attack was detected by...

Error: are be -> Correct: The security protocols are updated / are being updated...

Error: will prevented -> Correct: Unauthorized access will be prevented...

Error: deleted been -> Correct: The malware has been deleted...

Error: send -> Correct: A phishing email was sent...

Error: monitored -> Correct: All user accounts should be monitored...

Error: update -> Correct: The database was being updated...

Error: stole -> Correct: Personal information is stolen...